ra-no-code (#6211)
marmelab/react-admin: packages/ra-no-code/README.md

# ra-no-code

**Disclaimer**: Don't use this yet. This is a work in progress. 🐉🐉🐉

> A set of components to build a new react-admin application from CSV files with everything (data and configuration) stored in local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A distribution of the react-admin framework for building offline-first admins through a configuration GUI. Stores data and configuration in local storage.
```
